README.md, before:

# Chez Sergio

# Project Summary

Chez Sergio is a full stack application built with Vue.js and Rails. It is an imaginary restaurant where customers can
order their pizzas.

Live Link : [https://chez-sergio.herokuapp.com/](https://chez-sergio.herokuapp.com/)

Rails
Repository: [https://github.com/DiamessoGroup/chez-sergio-rails](https://github.com/DiamessoGroup/chez-sergio-rails)

## Table of contents

- [General info](#general-info)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Test](#test)
- [Features](#key-features)
- [To-do List](#to-do-list)
- [Status](#status)
- [Inspiration](#inspiration)
- [Contact](#contact)

## General info

Chez Sergio is a pizza restaurant app built in the front end with Vue.js and in the back end with Rails. The application
makes use of router for fast navigation and vuex for easy state management.

![chez-sergio](./public/project-images/chez-sergio.gif)

## Technologies

- Vue.js 2
- Javascript
- SCSS
- Bootstrap
- W3.CSS

## Setup

After downloading the Git repository, follow the steps below to set up the application locally.

1. Run `npm install` to install the dependencies
2. Run `npm run serve` for hot-reloads development

Moreover, the following commands are available.

3. Run `npm run build` to minify for production
4. Run `npm run test:unit` for unit test
5. Run `npm run lint` for linting and fixing files

## Test

To run unit tests, you can run `npm run test:unit`.

This will run the Jest tests.

![chez-sergio tests](./public/project-images/chez-sergio-test.gif)

## Key Features

- A user can add a pizza to the cart

- A user can remove a pizza from the cart

- A user can update the quantity of the pizza in cart

- A user can filter the pizzas by category in the menu

- A user can see the details for a pizza.

### To-do list:

- Add stripe integration to complete the checkout process.
- Add JWT token for front-end authentication

## Status

Project is: _finished_, but further features could be added again.

## Inspiration

Inspired by : [https://donpeppe.qodeinteractive.com/](https://donpeppe.qodeinteractive.com/)

## Contact

Created by Krishna Diamesso. You can contact me at info@diamessoprojects.com

Commit message:

Added link to application walkthrough.

README.md, after:

# Chez Sergio

# Project Summary

Chez Sergio is a full stack application built with Vue.js and Rails. It is an imaginary restaurant where customers can
order their pizzas.

Live Link : [https://chez-sergio.herokuapp.com/](https://chez-sergio.herokuapp.com/)

Rails
Repository: [https://github.com/DiamessoGroup/chez-sergio-rails](https://github.com/DiamessoGroup/chez-sergio-rails)

[Watch Application Walkthrough on YouTube](https://youtu.be/IvhBR-m4Nrk)

## Table of contents

- [General info](#general-info)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Test](#test)
- [Features](#key-features)
- [To-do List](#to-do-list)
- [Status](#status)
- [Inspiration](#inspiration)
- [Contact](#contact)

## General info

Chez Sergio is a pizza restaurant app built in the front end with Vue.js and in the back end with Rails. The application
makes use of router for fast navigation and vuex for easy state management.

![chez-sergio](./public/project-images/chez-sergio.gif)

## Technologies

- Vue.js 2
- Javascript
- SCSS
- Bootstrap
- W3.CSS
- Jest
- Cypress

## Setup

After downloading the Git repository, follow the steps below to set up the application locally.

1. Run `npm install` to install the dependencies
2. Run `npm run serve` for hot-reloads development

Moreover, the following commands are available.

3. Run `npm run build` to minify for production
4. Run `npm run test:unit` for unit test
5. Run `npm run lint` for linting and fixing files

## Test

To run unit tests, you can run `npm run test:unit`.

This will run the Jest tests.

![chez-sergio tests](./public/project-images/chez-sergio-test.gif)

## Key Features

- A user can add a pizza to the cart

- A user can remove a pizza from the cart

- A user can update the quantity of the pizza in cart

- A user can filter the pizzas by category in the menu

- A user can see the details for a pizza.

### To-do list:

- Add stripe integration to complete the checkout process.
- Add JWT token for front-end authentication

## Status

Project is: _finished_, but further features could be added again.

## Inspiration

Inspired by : [https://donpeppe.qodeinteractive.com/](https://donpeppe.qodeinteractive.com/)

## Contact

Created by Krishna Diamesso. You can contact me at info@diamessoprojects.com
